Title: 2011 NKU USAURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209464/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.09.30작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Matt Hoctor                                                      Northern Kentucky University, US                                                                       2011It has always been my dream to travel to South Korea. I got interested in Korea was through a music video that I found online on Youtube. It was Super Junior’s “Sorry Sorry.” Ever since then, I started having an interest in Korea. I then wanted to learn the Korean language. After getting the basics down, that drived my will to travel to Korea. I then started attending NKU (Northern Kentucky University) in the United States. That was when I figured out that they had a program where you could study abroad in Korea at either Hansung University or Sookmyung Women’s University. After I found that out, I made it a mission to come to Korea.Look where I am today, at my dorm writing this paper, in Seoul, South Korea. Even though I’ve been here for a little more than three weeks, I still find myself amazed that I am here in Korea. Either walking to school or walking around the awesome shopping center of Myeongdong, I sometimes have to stop myself and just think, “Wow, I’m really here.” I just remember the days of wishing I could go to Korea. Then counting down the weeks until I get to go. Now, it’s to the point where I’m counting down the days till I go home. I can’t believe that three weeks of this program is already done. It’s the last week for me in Korea and I’m still learning about new things everyday here.                   When I first saw the program itinerary I knew that we would be busy doing lots of activities. It’s one thing to just read it on a piece of paper but it’s another thing to actually experience them. I’ve said this many times and it is still so true; if I were to have left on the second week here, I would be happy with what I’ve done. We have done so many activities here in such a short amount of time. By the time I get back to my dorm, I am drained of energy. After I think about it though, I’m glad that I am drained of energy. I am glad because that means I got a full day’s worth of Korea. It makes for great memories and stories to tell everyone back home about Korea.The Hansung Summer Program is probably the greatest program I’ve ever heard of before (and I’m not just saying that because I’m in it). I have never heard of such a program where so many things are paid for and we get to experience a different culture for almost free. I cannot believe how much Hansung cares about this program. I can tell that they take this seriously and they want us to get the most out of it. It is so great to see how much Hansung cares about this program because they want us to experience their culture. I know that Hansung should be very proud of this summer program. I have learned so many things about Korean culture within one month. Another thing, is that you also learn about other cultures as well. You learn about your culture as well. I started to compare some things to American culture and how different and yet in some ways how it is the same.I had no idea that I would meet people from around the world in this program. I’ve met people from Korea, Taiwan and Malaysia. I got to hear about life in Taiwan and Malaysia in Korea, which blows my mind. Who would have thought that I would have hung out with people from America, Taiwan, Malaysia and Korea in Korea? This program is about a world experience as well as just for learning about Korea. You will meet people from around the world who want the same thing, to meet new people from different countries to learn about Korean culture.For this program we got to; travel to Incheon to make pottery, go to the major broadcasting network KBS, visit one of the most dangerous and interesting areas in the world the DMZ, visit Changdeok and KwanghwaMoon Palace; participate in a Taekwondo class, visit historical places such as Andong and Gyeongju, go to Namsan Tower (and the view is to die for), go to a baseball game (which is such an interesting thing to do!), go to Everland! (which is like a “Mini-Disney World”), go on a Han River cruise, watch two kinds of performances like Nanta and a B-Boy show and learn about Korea through classes every day. We also were given free time to hang out with our friends, I had a couple that I met at NKU that are back here in Korea, so it was so great to see them here in their country. I got to visit Myeongdong, which I’ve been wanting to go to for such a long time.As for suggestions for this program for next summer is, invite me back! I had such a blast here in Korea!  In all seriousness, I honestly do not know what else they can improve on. I would want to say maybe extend the program, but I think that one month is a really good amount of time. I would also want to say maybe spread some events out, but at the same time, not too. I am more than happy with this program with what we’ve done and what we’ve learned. This program as well exceeded my expectations. When I think about all the things I wanted to do in Korea, I have already done them within the first two weeks and so much more! It is a lot more than what I asked for this program!For final thoughts, I am just truly thankful that I got chosen for this program. It has meant the world to me. Ask any one of my friends where I want to go and they would all say “Korea.” The fact that I got chosen for this program is just amazing. I cannot believe that I have been here already for three weeks. After the second week I started getting used to the area and I started going to places by myself which is such an amazing feeling. This is such an amazing and unique program and I hope that it continues for such a long time. What we get out of this program is so much and it is truly a once in a lifetime experience. I want to come back to Korea and teach English (hopefully at Hansung maybe), so I know that I will be back one day. I am so happy with how this program was run and the activities that we got to experience.Thank you so much for letting me experience Korea. I will never forget this program.  I hope to be back one day at Hansung University (maybe to study abroad or teach here).