Title: 2011 Sunway MalaysiaURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209467/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.09.30작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Khoo Hui Sue                                                               Sunway University, Malaysia                                                                                2011 I feel much honored to be chosen as one of the participants in this summer school program. Before I step foot in Korea, there are many anxieties running in my mind. I was in Indonesia and less than half a day I need to take on a flight to Korea. This graduation trip to Indonesia was planned before I know I was selected for this summer school program. Much worries that if the flight delays or there is a natural disaster that happen in Indonesia which may cease me from going to Korea. Therefore, up until now I still couldn’t believe that I am in Korea, undergoing this overwhelming experience that not much people have the chance in their lifetime.Sad to say that, maybe I was too lethargic from the Indonesia trip I was sick and slept the whole journey to Korea. When we arrived at the Incheon International Airport, we were welcomed by David Oppa with a very friendly smile and handshake. To be frank, I felt so dizzy and sick at that time but I pulled myself through the dinner up until I was sent to my apartment. I even vomited right after I was brought to my room. However, after a good rest I felt better and energetic the next day. Personally I think that being sick make me understand how important it is for me to be in good condition throughout the whole program.Believe it or not but before I came to Korea, my most anticipated activity from the schedule is pottery making. I have always had a passion in handcrafts. Although back in my home country, we have pottery making too but I have never try it before until I came to Korea. Making a masterpiece of your own out of clay pits is really awesome. Seeing everyone shaping their own piece and putting effort to decorate and make alive their own piece is pure joy and fun. The secret garden in Changdok Palace is a very calm and beautiful place for me to remember for a very long time and I might visit Korea again to revive how peaceful the garden is. The serene feeling of being in Bulguksa Temple and to witness the amazing Seokuram Grotto is a very special experience for me as a Buddhist. To visit the temple makes me feel safe and calm, especially when I am so far away from home.To be honest, I couldn’t get used to Korean food in the first week. Some food tasted differently and some food I have never tasted before. For an instance, until now I still cannot accept the taste of sesame leaves. Though, things got better after sometime when I was introduced to the delicious Takgalbi, mouthwatering pig intestines and the very tempting Tukgalbi.Before I came to Korea, the officials in my university asked me and my friends to prepare a presentation about Malaysia and we did prepared a presentation. Nonetheless, when my friends and I got here, none of the participants from other countries prepared any. I am very thankful to David Oppa as he gave us an opportunity to tell the other candidates from other countries about our country. I guess the presentation during the dinner was my most anxious moment by far. I don’t know whether it was because that I was sitting in front of Dr. Lee or was it because I look different in my traditional outfits, I almost cried when we were asked to give some feedbacks about the program due to the anxiety. In addition, things kind of got out of control when we were asked to sing the song that we prepared because we were set to introduce about Malaysia’s history first and sing the song during the end. How I wish that I could rewind back to the night and be more confident and less nervous.One of the best experiences that I gained from this program is to be able to have a roommate. I have never shared a room with a stranger before and not to say with a foreigner. Afraid that I might have done something that is considered offensive to her, I came clean to her on the first day. Most nights we talked about our country, life and our future. The feeling is like having an older sister to talk to every night or when I faced some problems, she is always there to ask me how I feel or whether she can help me. When she knows that I did not bring my laptop here, she brought hers and offers me to use it whenever I needed to. I really feel very lucky to have her, Ji Eun Unni as my roommate and as my friend.On the other hand, I really appreciate the other buddies for being so friendly and helpful. Jung Hoon Oppa which is the only Korean guy in our program is really funny, Emily whom look like a delicate doll, Bon Ju whom has a bright smile and so fair that makes me look so dark standing beside her and Emma together with Da Won is always so cheerful. Last but not least, dearest David Oppa, whom is always there to make sure all of us are having lots of fun at all time. I think David Oppa is really dedicated and devoted in this program to ensure all of us had an unforgettable experience in Korea. I couldn’t imagine the amount of hard work and time he had put into this program. I am really thankful to all my new friends, all the buddies, all the enthusiastic teachers, David Oppa and Hansung University for giving me this once in a lifetime opportunity to add colours in my life. Hansung University Summer School Program will definitely remain in my memory for the rest of my life.