Title: 2011 Kainan TaiwanURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209466/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.09.30작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Rismy Hsiao                                                                 Kainan University, Taiwan                                                                                2011Before I applied for this program, I have been crazy about Korean dramas and k-pop songs, so I really wanted to visit this beautiful country that I saw on the TV. When I got the information about this program from my teacher, I couldn’t have been more excited and I couldn’t wait to apply for it. The moment I knew I was chosen was the happiest time this year. I started to imagine my life in Korea and kept asking myself where I should visit and how the food tastes. Will I have a chance to bump into any Korean star? I cannot stop my day dreams until I got on the plane and realize that I’m going to Korea!“Wow! So clean.” This is my first sentence when I arrived to Korea. After David and our buddies came to take us to our dormitory, with no doubt my second line was “Wow! So many long legs!” From that day, I knew I was more addicted to Korea.During the program, we have experienced different parts of Korean culture. For example, there are Korean cuisines, histories, language and entertainments. I really enjoy everything that David had arranged for us. Therefore, I want to express some feelings about these activities.Experiencing the Korean food is not difficult in Taiwan, but I don’t think the food reflects true Korean taste. In Korea, not only have I tried the food that I saw in the drama, such as Dae Jang Geum, but I also learned how to cook Korean food. One of my favorite dishes is Hobakjeon, and my buddy Bon Ju taught me how to make it. That night, I followed the tips and I think I did it successfully. Certainly, I will cook it for my family when I go back to Taiwan. As I’ve mentioned the drama Dae Jang Geum, the history of Korea is also interesting to me.When I went to the grand palace and the old capital city Gyeongju, it made me feel like I was wearing the Hanbok while living in the past. I took lots of pictures because the scenery was fabulous and attractive. Also, in politics class, the professor talked about Korean history, like how the king created the Korean language and how the Korean war began. Before I came here, I only knew the songs and dramas. I didn’t pay much attention to learn the history. However, now I have known more traditional customs and stories, it makes it easier for me to understand the plots in Korean dramas which used to be weird for me. I think this is very helpful and makes me closer to the real Korean life.About the language, I think it is not so hard for me. First reason is that I have a huge interest to Korean culture. That is why they said I spend too much time on the TV show and dramas and not studying hard. I agree that I drop into the Korean wave, but I still study…really! Next, part of this language is similar to Chinese and Taiwanese. It helps me a lot to understand the meaning and learn faster than the other foreigners. The last one is that I have a good start of learning Korean from Professor Bianca’s class. She taught useful Korean phrases, although sometimes is hard for me to listen to the English explanations. At least I am proud that can sing the three bears song very well!We have had lots of entertainment during this program such as watching a baseball game, Nanta show and B-boy show; all of these I experienced for the first time. I was so impress by it. At the Nanta show, my body kept following the tempo when the actors were playing the drums. When we were watching the baseball game, everyone did their best to cheer the team they support. I was easily influenced by the atmosphere and acting like I am a real Korean. Moreover, the B-boy show included many beautiful girls and handsome guys. Dancers presented the hottest movements, saddest feelings, and the creepiest dances which reminded me that I may have seen it on the TV show Star King. I have so much fun at these performances. If I have a chance to visit here I will definitely watch the shows again.Last but not least, I want thank David and my buddies who were always helping me, solving all my problems and were taking care of me all the time in this program. From the very first day, they treated me like a friend or family member that I always felt like I was at home. I couldn’t have experienced so many things without them; for example, hanging out at KTV at night, drinking Soju with everyone and playing games. It feels like I am gathering with my friends like I used to do in Taiwan. We were sharing our thoughts, exchanging different information about our own life styles and learning new stuff from each other. I gained priceless knowledge and experience and made lots of friends.All in all, I give this program 9 points out of 10. I’m pretty sure that when I go back to Taiwan, I will miss the time that I spent here. At the same time, I want to let some Taiwanese know what Koreans are really like. Most of the stereotypes we have are totally wrong. There are many things that I can learn from Koreans. One of the things I regret is that I didn’t get much information before this program. I hope I can help the students who will apply for next year’s summer school. Sharing my experience here and telling them something that must be changed. Also, I want them to share some Taiwanese culture with Koreans. I will never forget about this trip to Korea. As everyone treats me so well, I really want come here again as soon as possible.