Title: 2012 NKU USAURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209469/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.09.30작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Rachell  Mills                                                             Northern Kentucky University                                                                              2012Honestly I'm still surpirsed that I'm even in Seoul. The program is almost over and I still cannot believe that I'm here. But now the program is coming to an end and even thinking about it gets me upset. I feel like we had so much time left, and then in a flash it's over. I have made some spectacular memories here that I hope I will never forget. About 2 years ago K-pop began to make an impact on my life. And now Korea will forever hold a special place in my heart. Meeting such beautiful and wonderful people, getting to see different aspects of Korea, getting to learn more about different cultures, and even learning more about myself. I know I will always cherish these memories and I hope that one day in the future we can all meet up again. I'm afraid to let go. I can be really shy so sometimes it takes me some warming up to people. I just wish I had more time with everyone.I really loved all of the activites and field trips. Especially Nanta! ..and b-boy show, and Everland. But I also really enjoyed getting to see the older temples and learning more about the history of Korea. I'm really happy that I was able to watch J.S.A. it was such a powerful movie to me. I'm also really grateful to the Politics teacher for showing us the movie about North Korea. I'm pretty sure I cried all throughout that movie but it was worth it. It was such an emotional movie, so powerful. Thanks to this experience here and even getting to see the DMZ, I have a much better understanding of the tension between the North and the South. It makes me kind of upset that I never learned about this before. I never knew that the North and South want reunification so badly. I didn't know of the tension. I pray for the safety and reunification of North and South Korea.Getting to spend time with everyone is definitely what I'm going to miss most. I didn't always hangout in the dorm because when I'm home my habit is to just go to my room and check my computer. But here I have roommates that all like to talk and paint their nails, etc. I've never had sisters to do such things with. I've never had siblings that wanted to spend that much time with me. So this was kind of difficult for me to adjust to but it was such a good experience and I wish that I could have spent more time with them. I'm just happy that I was able to get to know them and share such an indescribable experience with them. I hope that I keep in touch with them and see them again eventually.I never thought in a million years that I would ever actually have the opportunity to see Korea. I've said it before and I will say it again.. and again. These kinds of things happen to other people.. not to me. Not to me. I cannot explain how blessed I am to be here. I am forever grateful to Mr. Kim and to all of the teachers and buddies. They all worked so hard to make this program so great! All of the buddies were extremely helpful and so caring. They took care of us so well. And Mr. Kim, (a.k.a. David Oppa) is an absolutely amazing program director. He's serious when he needs to be and he gets stuff done. But he can also joke around and laugh and have drinks with us. So I'm really happy to share these memories with him. He also really likes to surprise us with random projects and interviews.I could write for forever about this trip. About each individual activity, about each individual class, about each individual person. But I'm afraid that might make this paper a bit too long. I just want to say that everything that I was able to do, I thoroughly enjoyed. If maybe I didn't like the activity then at least I was surrounded by people I love, and at least I know I'm in Korea. I hope to come back. Maybe in a few years, I don't know if I'll know what I want to do by then. I just know that I want to be here. I love it here.The program schedule itself was really well put together. But for Morgan and I, I think we found it difficult. Morgan said that she thought we would be busier, but I think that we were very busy. Which isn't a bad thing. I really liked always having somewhere to go, it made me move whereas back home I just lay around all day. But I think it was difficult for Morgan and I because we have so many friends that went to NKU for a semester or two. We really wanted to meet with all of them, but unfortunately we were only able to spend time with two and see one briefly. We had planned on spending time with them but it seemed like we never knew when we would have time. So I think it would have been nice to have a bit more free time but that's because we had other people to meet. If Morgan and I would have met with all of our friends we probably would have missed out on more than we already did. Also going to a kpop concert or meeting kpop stars would have been nice but unfortunately I didn't know how to go about doing such things. But my experience here was amazing without it, so it wasn't necessary. It would have just been an added bonus.I would give anything to relive this past month or to even do it again with the same group. I've had an unbelievable time here. I definitely will have to come back. Thanks to all of the people who made this possible for me. I feel extremely lucky and blessed. 한국 사랑해요!