Title: 2012 Montlclair State UniversityURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209473/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.10.08작성자: DirectorMarkdown Content:Kelly Collazos                                          Montclair State University, New Jersey  USA                                                                         2012A Little SparkIn exactly a week from now I’ll be laying on my own bed, morning when its night here, silence instead of the bustling noises of the girls from my apartment, and a bittersweet after taste in my memory from things changing too fast too soon. And what then? Will I be the same person I am right now, sitting here at a cafe, in a country I’ve dreamed of more than I’ve dreamed of anything else? Is that ridiculous. How much will a place mean to us after having imagined it for so long? Truth is, the depth of my love for this place, I don’t even think I myself understand it. But one thing is certain, I will never be the same person again after returning home from Korea. I will lay on my queen-sized bed, surrounded by all my own familiar things, and I am sure I will feel like a stranger in a place too far from home. But it will pass and home will feel like home again, and this month, this city, even this cafe, will just be a room in my memory I’ll walk into to feel alive again. So, I’ll get up from bed next Monday just a little sad, but more sentient and stronger. A little spark, all in all, that is what this month, Hansung and Korea will always remind me of, because thanks to this experience everything that I’ve come across has lit me from within. I can feel myself glowing again, growing again, my fire finally blazing.Korea, you were so much more than what I ever imagined. I grew up surrounded by Asian culture, at 10 years old I was turning brooms into magic wands I’d see in anime, and as I kept growing up my aunt, who was living in Korea and returning every now and then, would take me on day-long trips to H-Mart, the Korean version of Walmart in my state. She’d tell me about Asia, Japan and Korea mostly, and teach me about the culture, the history, the conflicts, life in these two places. As I grew older and understood more, reading about Korea and Japan’s history and culture allowed me to understand how special and unique each country was. Mainly, learning and dreaming about these places allowed me to realized how large the world was, and what a small fraction of it I made. My connection with Korea has always revolved more around books than anything else. The book that made me grow so close to this country was a book I read by Nora Keller called Comfort Woman. One of the very few books in existence of a period in history so gruesome, dark and secret not many people even know about it. But these women, the ‘comfort women’ that suffered and were sexually exploited during the Japanese Colonial period are alive today, telling their stories, living on even after what they experienced. As a female, and later a feminist, this book, their stories, their lives, this part of history, gave me more strength than I could have ever imagined growing up. “Fight on, fight for everything that means something to you,” this is what I still tell myself today every time I look at the binding of that book sitting in my book shelf.This opportunity that Hansung has given me is one of the best things that has ever happened to me. Not only did I finally get to set foot in this country I’ve read so much about, but I’ve lived not just a Korean experience, but a college experience as well. The dorming life, as a commuter, was a breath of fresh air and I still can’t believe how fortunate we were to be given such a nice place to live. The girls that I’ve been able to meet one by one from my apartment, and even the girls who live away from us, have taught me so much about themselves, their countries, their culture. I’ve loved every minute of the culture shocks we’ve had, and steps we’ve taken to understand each other a little more. They’ve all felt like family, and it was refreshing to see all of us, guys included, become so close. When we are in a room together, when we walk to places together, we’ve always felt like a true group of friends, and no one has been left behind. This, I believe, is something not many groups accomplish.Likewise, doing laundry and washing bathrooms for the first time, sharing shores, doing cleaning together, I’ll never forget these moments. Though they might seem insignificant while happening, they brought us closer all the more. Then, there’s the food! I honestly did not think I’d eat so much in Korea. Every day of this month I’ve looked forward to every meal, something that does not happen very often. This place, in so little time, has given me so much to brag about! I’ve been to a meat buffet (how many people can say that?) and I’ve drank coffee surrounded by packs of cats at Cat cafes (does it get better than that?). I’ve been in awe and amazement for so long these past few weeks I don’t see how I’ll ever look at anything the same way again. The attention to detail, the service, the customs, the marketing!! “Buy a cellphone and we’ll give you a bike” or “Take your left-over pizza in a gift-wrapped box”. See? Now everything will seem too little, too plain. What an amazing place this is, you can get McDonald’s delivered and what better than some beer and chicken with your friends after a long, long day?Still, my favorite things about this month have definitely been the performances I’ve been so lucky to see. Cookin’ Nanta, the B-Boy Show, the Taekwondo performance, how filling it was to observe these talented, passionate young people completely swept away in what they loved to do. If I close my eyes, I can still see them, feel them moving, sweat rolling down their faces, their smiles at the end of the show. You don’t get the same feelings out of just any performance, there’s gotta be more in the performers than a job to do, a task to fulfill, and believe me you will tell the difference. I sat on a rainy afternoon, rain pouring and pouring, and in front of me were a group of Taekwondo performers probably only some years older than me, and even in the rain each was its own fire, creating a bigger fire together that breathed something into me completely unknown. Watching them perform that day I sat there wanting to be just as talented, to love what I do as much as they do, to work just as hard and have just as much fun. Even now, everything I’ve seen so far, the temples, the gardens, the trees, the buildings, the street shops, the vendors, the performers, the hustling of the city, they all keep me awake. And I find myself not wanting to go to sleep, not wanting to miss a single second of this month.For almost four weeks now I’ve been sleep deprived, but I’ve never felt better. There will be so many things I will miss, but the thing I will miss the most about Korea are the way the mountains look in the haze of the sunset. Just mountains, everywhere and the mixture of their silhouette against the sky, hiding behind all the tall, shiny buildings; how I will miss this view! Getting to meet everyone I’ve met, getting to see this city in the rain, walking without a worry at night, making noodles late a night with the girls, the endless days of shopping, the classes I’ve taken, the people of the neighborhood that have made me feel so welcomed, I wouldn’t change any of it if I had to do it again. If I had to do it again, I’d probably sleep even less. Being part of this, this group, this family, this experience, makes me think about the future and the day I know I’ll come back.I know for a fact that we’re all here for different reasons, the buddies, my new international friends, even the professors, and how amazing that we’ve been feeling in unison completely similar and completely totally different things. But that has been the beauty of it, isn’t it? While I stood in the rain in awe at a temple, someone came over with an umbrella, while we waited for one, we waited for all, while someone made a life-long friend the entire group ‘liked’ my post on Facebook, and in the haziness of a long day most of us fell asleep on the bus while the few awake took funny pictures. Korea, Hansung, everyone who’s been a part of this, has given me a chance, has taught me something, and today, next week, in three years, I’ll be a better person because of it. So I have nothing left to say but Thank you Hansung.