Title: 2013 Unitec New ZealandURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209471/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.10.01작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Coralee Beach                                             Unitec Institute of Technology, New Zealand                                                                              2013Firstly I would like to express how grateful I am for all that this programme has given and allowed me to experience.  David, I really appreciate the time and effort you have put into making this an amazing programme.  I don’t think I can put into words or truly express the how thankful I am.  When you come to New Zealand I at least owe you a dinner and a drink!What brought me to participate in this programme was my love of travel and from hearing a friend’s experience of an exchange to Mexico with Unitec.  I recall questioning Sarah from Unitec about the fact that it only cost my flights and some of my meals while on this programme.  When she stated no one from NZ had been on this programme it made me wonder why.  At first it kind of sent alarm bells going in my head about the programme.  Though I kept asking more questions, until I felt reassured and thought hey, I’m going to take advantage of this fantastic opportunity and go for it!  I am extremely glad that I participated as I have thoroughly enjoyed my time here in Korea.Being 30 years old, it did run through my mind that my age may be a factor that my impact my experience.  Though I decided not to let this be a barrier.  I feel my age hasn’t been an issue at all, though I haven’t advertised how old I am.  On reflection I think it hasn’t been an issue as this programme gives the opportunity to relate to all ages and people’s interests.  Yes you do share a room and have to stay in a group during activities, but the free time allows the freedom to get your own space and to explore.  I guess experiences are impacted by your state of mind and what you put into it.On arrival I was excited and looking forward to my visit my first Asian country.  I remember being greeted happily by two of the Korean buddies.  They were so helpful, friendly and warm in their interactions with us students.  This friendly attitude has stayed with me throughout the trip.  During an outing with two of my fellow students we were looking at a map.  We were just checking where we are going and a Korean who spoke English stopped to help us.  Also a bank teller walked out of the bank to show me the directions of where an ATM was that I could use.  I feel this links to respect part of the culture.  I have felt so comfortable here and like the aspects of the culture.  I admire what I would describe as the no-nonsense part of the culture.  For example in restaurants you call the waitress/waiter to order or for attention.  I interrupt it as you want something you go and get it.  The cultural ways have fascinated me and made it so interesting for me.  It has made me more in tune to aspects of my own ways and personality.  I felt the most comfortable out of all the places I have travelled too.  During my time here I even emailed a friend saying I could see myself living here!  It’s been fantastic meeting the other foreign students as well and learning about their countries and cultures.The classes have been fantastic.  I had honestly expected there to be more pressure with classes and the lessons to be harder.  I have enjoyed the relaxed environment and how it has been more about experience and participating than the academic side that lecturers often have.   Classes have been expressed in a simple and fun way, allowing us to take for them what we are ready and willing to learn. This has helped me reflect on what I value in teaching and this sits with these values.My favourite class has been politics.  Professor Kim’s passion for politics has come through and his delivery has kept me interested.  I have learnt so much about Korea.  The video ‘crossing’, was so sad and displayed the struggles north korea has been going through.  I couldn’t help, but tear up.  Going to the DMZ, felt almost unreal.  The three tunnels was the greatest impact for me.  It felt airy and walking down it was a time to process the struggles and conflict of North and South Korea.The Korean language class was the only class that I have felt disappointed with.  In my second lesson I knew that the way that the class was being taught wasn’t connecting with me.  From discussion with others I learnt that they were having similar struggles.  The pace of the lesson was too fast, so I made several requests for the lesson to be slowed down.  This was ignored, so I gave up and decided to try another way of getting some satisfaction from the class.  I realised that order of what was being taught was not a logical order.  For example we were told to read, before we had time to get our head around how to recognise and pronounce the characters.  We were given so much information all at once.  In a way this helped connect aspects, but it also left gaps in my understanding of the language.  Being trained a teacher I feel may have impacted my frustration and disappointment.  I naturally think about how and if my teaching is reaching students.  Though we were not asked how we were finding the lessons or able to express our struggles.The knowledge of the language I have gained is mostly from the Korean buddies.  They have been more than happy to help me with pronouncation and words.  I had asked about speaking Korean words with me more often, but I feel they presume that I want to speak in English.  Maybe expressing to the Korean buddies at the start of the programme to use simple Korean word/phrases in Korean to help us.  Rather than speaking to staff in shops for us they can tell us what to say.  I realise this could have helped me with the Korean language.The professors have been very willing to help us students have a great experience.  I am again grateful for Kevin showing us around Iteawon and Rose taking us to Indi bands playing in Hongdae.  Rose was willing to talk to me about places to eat and visit on the bus trip to N Tower.  To me both of them went over and above their roles as lecturers and truly wanted to help us have the most enjoyable time here in Korea. Even with the Korean buddies, they have been helpful in all ways that we have needed help.  A word that comes to mind when I think of the people that have contributed to my time here is ‘genuine’.  People have genuinely wanted to help make it an amazing experience.  I recall that there is a Korean buddy award and thought I’d take the opportunity to say that Ki-Su and Hye-Min deserve this especially. Though they all have been amazing and helped us feel comfortable.The whole experience to me is a highlight and all the activities impact the whole experience.  It all expresses the picture I have of Korea and the culture.  I’ve enjoyed everything that we have done and think they have all been valuable.  The trip down to Gyeongju was great.  I especially liked seeing the beautiful scenery on the bus ride down and to see what it was like out of Seoul.  People say that New Zealand is beautiful for scenery, but Korea has some beautiful spots.  I especially enjoyed the temples and going to Gyeongju Beach.I loved the Nanta show, the energy and I had not seen anything quite like it before.  The energy and humour made it such an enjoyable show.  I love the Korean humour, over time have realised it is a part of your culture.  The variety of activities in the programme has made it enjoyable. The museums have been my favourite, though am always tagging at the end and feel a little rushed.  Though I understand this trip is about a taster of Korea.  For us to have seen and experience so much, we need to ‘bali, bali’. J Insadong market I had to go back to visit as it fascinated me and gave me an idea of the cultural traditional items that the art class talked about.  The hands-on experiences I enjoyed; wearing the hanbok, k-pop and taekwondo.  This was a fun experience and great way for the group to bond with each other.  The spiritual side of taekwondo resonated with me.  The focus and positive mind frame that it involved made it enjoyable and relaxing experience.  Especially the affirmation at the end made me feel connected with the sport.The food has been amazing.  Thank you for giving us a true taste of Korean meals.  Mcd’s hasn’t been a favourite of mine for meals, but I guess others have missed ‘western’ food.  I think the programme does so well to cater for everyone.  On our first morning we had breakfast at Mcd’s.  At times I feel the buddies haven’t known where to go to eat.  I wonder if a list of suggestions would help them to decide?  Also during the start of our trips if we were with the Korean buddies heading home we would spend 10-20 minutes in the subway discussed things.  It may have been issues of where to go, what to do, or even how to get back.  I’m not sure what exactly the discussion was, but I feel this affected the entire group.  Maybe it had been conflict of thinking we needed to stay in one big group.  However as us students got more familiar with the transportation and Seoul we were able to say we would go by ourselves.To sum this up, it’s been an amazing experience and have huge appreciation to all that has contributed to my time here.  I will go home and sell this programme! Hopefully can fill up the spaces Unitec has available next year! Thank you again.  I will hold fond memories of Korea and hope to visit again.