Title: 2013 NKU USAURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209470/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2014.10.01작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Alison Milner                                                                                   Northern Kentucky University                                                                            2013Adventure of KoreaAt first I wasn’t exactly sure what to expect from this program, even though my boyfriend attended last year and he told me multiple stories. He told me how David goes out of his way to make sure everyone is comfortable, we stick to the schedule, and enjoy everything Korea has to offer. He explained some history he remembered. Such as, how North Korea denied the existence of the third infiltration tunnel then stating that it was a coal mine. He would say how nice the buddies were, how easily everyone became friends, how there wasn’t a dry eye the day of departure, and how this experience was by far his favorite and most memorable. I hung on every word, but I never traveled outside of the United States before, which scared me. Even with his reassurance and passion I still didn’t know if I would enjoy studying abroad. Now that I am in the last week of the program, still wondering where the time has gone, I am extremely grateful I took this opportunity.As I think about this program coming to an end I can’t help but wonder where the time has gone. On one hand it feels like this is the first week and we just arrived; on the other hand it feels like I have been here longer than just one month. I can’t believe how many things we did this past month: watch the Twins dominate, visited palaces, see the DMZ, go to N-Tower, watch shows, have dinner with the President of Hansung, Travel to Gyeongju, have a photo shoot in Hanbok, learn K-pop dances, see traditional villages, learn to cook Korean food, visit Everland, experience Hongdae, Mountain climbing, visit war memorial, cycle along Han River, and visit tombs, temples, and many museum etc.Experiencing Korean Baseball was very similar to American Baseball. Back home I only went to the stadium one time and my team, The Reds, lost; it was nice to be able to see the team I’m rooting for win, The Twins.  I loved the enthusiasm, the well synchronized movements, the cheering of the crowd. Being a former cheerleader, that type of passion really had me excited. Back home the crowd paints their bodies in their team colors and wave huge number one fingers; but here I was surprised that most people just wore team jerseys and used noise sticks. It was fun to paint my face with Lauren and Shannon for the Twins, although it’s more of an American activity. Later on it was fun to actually try batting. I found out I am a little better than some of the boys. It was funny to watch the others try, and I couldn’t help but laugh at myself too.I really enjoyed the palaces. I am very impressed over the amount of land the Royal Family kept. I enjoyed the structures of the buildings and how beautifully painted they were. Just like the traditional village. I really like how much Koreans hang on to tradition. The way they banned Starbucks from starting a coffee shop in Insadong until they wrote their sign in Hangul shows commitment to that tradition. I also enjoyed seeing the DMZ. I am very grateful that we could see so many great landmarks like the Peace Bridge and the railroad. It seems like a lot of places have a sacred place to write wishes, hopes, and dreams. I think this shows how connected the Korean people are to themselves and to the belief that Korea will be whole once again.I really enjoyed the shows like NANTA, KUNG, and The Ballerina who Loves a B-Boy. You can tell they love performing just by watching them. I think it’s very interesting how the two B-Boy shows used white face masks in their performance. I might be wrong, but I believe this is Japanese influence because I remember reading a Kabuki play where something similar took place.Having dinner with the President of Hansung was very special. I liked how they had everyone’s flag on the table, because I believe it made everyone feel welcomed. I also liked eating with the faculty and having a chance to interact with them without the pressure of school. I am very thankful for how some of the faculty, including David, went out of their way to show us parts of Korea that wasn’t planned. Like how Kevin took us to the international market and took some of us mountain climbing. I never experienced that type of hiking before. I enjoyed the other hiker’s reaction to me wearing flip-flops while climbing the mountain. Also, how Rock n Rose took us to see Hongdae. Although she has an immense amount of passion for K-Indie, I prefer the K-Pop. Mainly because it’s closer to the type of music I listen to. I am very grateful that she showed us her experience. The K-Pop dance was very exhausting but fun. I’m glad we were the first group to be able to experience that. It was a great experience to see how Korean stars dance. I loved when David drove Christina, Frank, Tony, and me to see King Se- Jong’s Tomb, a Buddhist museum, and temple.Being able to wear traditional Korean wear was spectacular. I am very impressed with the quality of the fabric and how beautiful it is. I thought it was fascinating to learn how to wear the Hanbok before we went to take pictures. How the different styles show the status and activity was interesting to me. I am impressed with the actresses who wore the fake hair for movies because it’s extremely heavy. I also enjoyed taekwondo. I never thought I would be able to break a board, but I did. However, I felt less impressed with myself when I saw the taekwondo performance where young children could break multiple boards in spectacular ways.Going to Everland was one of my favorite activities. I love riding big roller coasters and twirling rides. I love how smooth the T-express was compared to Kings Islands Beast. The light show was very fun. I love how well choreographed their performance was and how they still interacted with the crowd.I finally see why Kevin couldn’t stop talking about Korea and this program. I feel like I have so many stories to tell, so many memories to share, and so many pictures to show everyone back home. Half the things I will tell them they probably wouldn’t believe. Like how I tried multiple types of seafood, how I climbed a mountain, how we were in the newspaper, and so much more. My only regret is knowing no matter how well I praise Korea the listeners will never know how great a place it is until they see for themselves. Now that this program is almost over I can’t help but feel a flood of emotions.