Title: 2015 Univ of EvansvilleURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209474/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2015.09.15작성자: DirectorMarkdown Content:Claire WebbUniversity of Evansville, Indiana2015Hansung has been so wonderful that I do not even know where to start. From the Korean buddies, to the sights and sounds to the history to the culture everything about Hansung and about Korea has been wonderful.  This month has been one of the busiest yet possible to be so completely exhausted yet excited for the next thing. Truly I have loved every moment I have spent in Korea and at Hansung.My Hansung experience was not always guaranteed. I had to convince my parents that another study abroad opportunity was worth the cost because I did not have enough money to cover the cost. I am so glad that I discovered that I could take loans out for this trip and that my parents agreed to help me. I am forever indebted to my parents for many things but this trip is something that I will be eternally grateful for.When I came to Korea I knew very little about it. All I knew was that the Korean happened and that the US was involved in the war. I have learned so much about Korea since I came here. I learned much about the Korean dynasties and about the Japanese imperialism. I have learned about the Korean fight for independence. I have learned about the current Korean system of government and what it took to create a Korean democracy. It is fascinating that as little as 23 years ago South Korea had a military government and through slow continuous change has become a fully functioning democracy.  This is not very common; most countries that were colonized and faced authoritarian regimes are not democracies.I have also learned much about the Korean economy. The concept of Korean Chaebols is very interesting, and the heavy support that these companies garnish from the Korean government is very different than the US economy. I have also learned that South Korea is one of the fastest growing economies in the world. This is also very interesting considering that as recently as 50 years ago South Korea was one of the poorest countries in the world.I have also learned much regarding Korean culture. I have learned about Hanbok and about Hanok, which are Korean clothing and housing respectively. It was great that we studied these concepts and then experienced them. This is the kind of experience that one cannot simply get by sitting in a classroom. These experiences were truly amazing and will not soon be forgotten. We have had excellent teachers here at Hansung and I am very grateful that I have learned so much. Not only was the instruction thoroughly interesting, the people were also very nice. The people in this program are some of the nicest people I have ever met, and the Koreans are always so nice to us. I am grateful to many Koreans who attempted to have conversations with us or who waited patiently while we were trying to figure out Korean culture such as when we got on and off the subway or we tried to order food. I am sure that having to deal with a bunch of unruly 20-something foreigners was frustrating to many but many were very patient with us.The Korean buddies were especially nice. They were always ready with suggestions of things to do or see. They were also ready and willing to listen. They always made sure that we had company and things to do. They were prepared. They were helpful and kind. They patiently helped us to order food and do various other things we did not know how to do. Most importantly they were our friends, and they quickly became our family watching over us with a helpful eye. I would like to make a quick shout out to Ha-Been who was a really helpful and encouraging roommate. She always woke up and made sure we were ready to go on time even when she did not have to be ready. She was kind and helpful and I am so happy that she became my roommate.David Oppa was also very helpful. He organized everything and always made sure that everyone was enjoying themselves. He made sure that there was a healthy mix of culture, history and fun. He was always ready if we had any problems and it was clear that he cared deeply about us and our happiness as well as our education. I am forever grateful that he picked us from the airport and will drop us off, that he has worked so hard for and that he is always there for us. David Oppa is the best Oppa ever!The people in Korea have been amazing. I have loved getting to know the Korean buddies and the people of Seoul. I am grateful that I have made so many new friends. The people who I have meet in this program are some of the nicest people I have ever meet and I am so blessed they have come into my life. The people were amazing but so were the places we went. Prior to coming I did some research on things to do in Seoul. I am pleased that many of the suggestions I found we did with Hansung. I was really interested in the baseball game. I had never seen anything as crazy as those fan sections. It was very interesting. I sometimes wish that Americans were that dedicated to their sports teams. I also really enjoyed Gyeongju. Despite the rain it was really beautiful and seeing the ancient cites was inspiring. I also really enjoyed going to the DMZ.  It was an important part of both American and Korean culture and was stirring to see. It is scary to think about how close war really is for many Koreans. It was scary to see the tunnel and to realize that there are probably many more undiscovered tunnels. Also, I really enjoyed the Korean War memorial. This museum was very informative and interesting. It is sad to understand the heaviness that was the Korean War.  Korea has such a rich interesting culture and history I am so grateful that I have gotten to learn more and understand better.Another thing that I have enjoyed about Korea is all the delicious food. I have tried so many new foods it is awesome. I am not a big meat eater but have enjoyed many of the Korean meats. Also I have really enjoyed the street food. I especially enjoy the fresh doughnuts that I buy near Hansung (I have bought 4 in 4 weeks, so good).My favorite food has been all the ice cream. I love ice cream in general but here I have eaten ice cream almost every day. I really like the 32 cm ice cream cone that I enjoyed in Meyong-Dong.