Title: 2016 Univ. of Tennessee at MartinURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209477/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2016.08.17작성자: 담당자Markdown Content:Jasmine BradfordUniversity of Tennessee at MartinUSAAs I am writing this at my desk in my dorm room I have not registered where I am. I know I am in Seoul, South Korea but it does not feel real to me yet. With only three days left I am still in a daze over ever everything that has happened to me the past few weeks. I have made new friends, learned more of a language, and traveled. I can’t describe how I feel writing this paper. I am a nineteen-year-old sophomore in college. I never thought that I would spend my summer in South Korea. I assumed I’d be in summer school back home or working every day.  I can honestly say this is one of the best decisions I have ever made in my life.My name is Jasmine Bradford. I major in sociology and minor in psychology at my university in Tennessee. I enjoy watching people and learning about the differences in their lives. How can the actions of this person affect the life of another? Humans are so fascinating. I even surprised myself. I do not have parents. In my university I am considered an independent student. I am at my university alone and I also help tend to my grandmother when I visit her. I like to help anyone when I am. I am a people person I suppose. I am involved in a few international organizations at my university. Ever since I could remember I had always had a knack for languages and learning about people who were “different.” To no surprise to anyone I quickly applied to have a chance to study in Korea. I am not sure why but I honestly assumed I would not get in because if my age and many other doubts in my mind. Shockingly I was accepted with two other older friends of mine. I have never struggled over a decision in my nineteen years of life. I was sure I really wanted to go to an entirely new country but my worry was how could I. This country I know so much, yet so little about. I had to think about my grandmother, work, and also what I was going to do financially. Finally, I decided just to go for it. I went for it and here I am still typing this reflective essay.There is not anything I really disliked about this program. It started off rocky but that was to be expected in a new place when everyone is trying to adjust. The girl’s dorm curfew was the only dislike but I understand the reasoning behind it so I hold no grudge to anyone. I consider it a safety precaution and I am thankful. So, besides my inner rebel wanting to be against our curfew, all was well to me.My favorite part of the Hansung International Summer School visit was the war memorial and also the DMZ visit. I do not care for war and violence at all. Whenever I am around it makes me sick really. When we visited the DMZ I almost lost it. Realizing how many lives were lost because of the disagreement of a few human beings. Women and children dying innocently. Many countries sending troop fighting for a war that is not theirs, only to make matters worse. I have a soft spot for things like this. We watched a few movies and videos about the relationship between North and South Korea and I cried a few times. Looking at the history of Korea is truly amazing and being able to physically stand on battle grounds is also amazing but still sad. I feel for this country that I wish I could call home.I would like to have a special thank you dedicated towards the people that had to listen to our complaints and spent a month of their lives with us. To the buddies and out program assistant, Sarah, I sincerely thank you so much. Seriously, the buddied in this program deserve all of the love we have to offer. I made new memories and lasting bonds with them all. I am deeply touched that they took me in as if they had known me prior to this trip. I can’t express how deeply thank for I am.To David, I once again can’t describe in words how I feel. I am so thankful you came to my university in person months ago and talked about HISS. Without you, I would not have been able to broaden my horizons and step out of my comfort so. I was able to learn so much and I am forever in your debt. Thank you for considering not only myself but all of the students your family. We are grateful. I will never forget our family, especially you.If I may be honest, I wish I could stay here. I wish Hansung offered my major. I would love to continue living in Korea and learning even more about the culture and also further improve my language skills. From what I have seen, Koreans are some of the nicest people around. Yes, they tend to be in a rush and may bump you without saying excuse me but it is just a part of Korea that you have to get used to. It amazes me how quickly I made friends here. Everyone is so accepting, no matter where you come from. Not only did I gain Korean friends, but also friends from China, Canada, Scotland, Malaysia, and Thailand. These amazing people are like a second family to me and I could not ask for better. I learned so much from them. I wish I could have returned knowledge from my country, but I doubt they would be that interested. I have come to care about my new friends deeply. Seeing them go will be heartbreaking for sure for me.I believe Korea is my second home. I have never felt so safe in my life. I do not have to worry about whether or not a loud pop is s gun shot or fire cracker. I do not have to worry too much about walking alone down a street. South Korea is always so lively and there are people around all the time. Even if they are not watching you, there are cameras everywhere. I wish I could stay longer in such a nice place but sadly I cannot. I do not want to give my bittersweet goodbye to this country I have come to love. I will never forget the memories I have made here. I will cherish everything I have learned about not only Korea but my new friends from all across the globe. I am happy to say that I participated this summer as a Hansung International Summer School student. Everyone wants to have a HISS reunion. I think it will be in Glasgow actually. I am very anxious and excited for that reunion with the some of the coolest people on the planet. Thank you so much for this amazing opportunity. I hope I can share my experiences with many people and return to visit my second home again soon.