Title: 2019 Northern Kentucky UniversityURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209485/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2019.09.09작성자: DirectorMarkdown Content:Shamira BegumNorthern Kentucky UniversityUSAIn 24 hours, I will be sitting on a plane headed home to Northern Kentucky, but all I can think about is how I do not want to leave. These past four weeks in Seoul, Korea have been an unforgettable experience that cannot be put into words, but I will try my best.One day I received a text from my friend asking me if I’d be interested in going to Korea for a summer study abroad program, at first, I was hesitant because of my lack of knowledge about the Korean culture and country itself. When she told me that it would be free, I did not believe her because I thought it would be too good to be true. After doing some research on the HISS website and watching the prior year summer school videos, I believed her and was 100% ready to apply and anxiously waiting for my acceptance. Coming from a third-world Asian country, Bangladesh, I was very curious to immerse myself and learn about a different Asian culture, so I knew coming to Hansung and participating in all the activities and field trips would be my perfect opportunity.Weeks went by and I was finally told I had been accepted; at this point I was counting down the days till my arrival at Hansung University. I remember I couldn’t even sleep the night before from being crazily excited. What was South Korea going to be like? What are the people going to be like? Where will I be living? Are the classes going to be hard? Will this country be similar to Bangladesh? There were SO many questions running through my head and many “unknowns” but now that I have found the answers, I would do this month all over again. Believe me when I say these people go from being strangers, to becoming your best friends and family members. I remember on the first day I was worried after meeting some of my classmates; Will these people like me? Will I like them? Now I have learned not only do I like them, I love them. We went from being uncomfortable around each other, to hugging and being silly with each other 24/7. Even if you compare our first group picture to our last, you will see the drastic change and close bond between the students.I felt the bond forming on our three-day trip to Gyeongju & Andong. It was a busy weekend, but one of my absolute favorites. You get to see old traditional villages, explore historical museums and beautiful temples. This trip was more relaxed than a class setting, allowing us to freely talk with one-another and hang out during our free time. Speaking of free time, take advantage of it! Do not sit in your hotel room alone, isolating yourself from the group. Go out and explore around the lake, grab a bite to eat, get drinks, take advantage of the nearby convenience store; they have loads of soju and beer. If you run into David at the lake during your free time, he might even buy you pancakes and soju like he did for us. This weekend had set the mood for the rest of the trip, I knew I was about to have the best month of my life.Another activity this month that I’d consider a favorite is Taekwondo. Truthfully, I was terrified when I heard we would be participating in this, but after the first class, I became obsessed and have already looked into taking more classes back home. It was a great way to release tension from my body and feel spiritually healthy, especially after breaking that board in half. Another plus is that we get to keep the taekwondo suit and the belt that has our name embroidered into it, a personal souvenir to always remember that day.Not only will that day be memorable but so will the baseball game, hanbok experience, DMZ, river cruise, Nanta, Everland, and even the Inwangsan Mountain hike; as strenuous as it was, the view was worth it. Thank you to David, the person who gives up their entire month of July to be our personal tour guide, our father figure, and our drinking buddy. Because of him, he has given me a lifelong experience, and lifelong friendships. I promise to go back to NKU and be an ambassador for this Hansung Program and recruit the best students for you. As for Seoul, Korea, thank you for letting us explore and learn about your culture; this is not goodbye, just a ‘see you next time’.