Title: 2019 Missouri Southern State UniversityURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/209486/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2019.09.10작성자: DirectorMarkdown Content:Maria Vergara PinillaMissouri Southern State UniversityVisiting and studying for one month in South Korea has been perhaps one of the most rewarding adventures that I have experienced in my life. Before arriving in Seoul, I seldom had heard about K-pop or Korean dramas; I did not know Korean language, and I was unfamiliar with Korean culture and trends. Although I have traveled to different countries in North and South America and Europe, I never imagined that I would be exploring places so far away from Colombia, my home country. I can’t help to think how oblivious I was to the fascinating and intriguing traditions and modern daily life in South Korea.I have only a couple of days left in Seoul, and it saddens me to think about my departure. One month seems relatively short compared to all the time that I would love to spend in Korea, sharing exceptional moments with my classmates and friends. All the classes, activities, and field trips provided by Hansung have contributed significantly to my educational and personal growth. This program allowed me not only to experience a new culture and learn a new language, but also of meeting amazing people with whom I have laughed and cried, and whom I now can refer to as my friends. I will miss them dearly.My Hansung experience began with an e-mail that I received from my advisor at my home institution. I am currently pursuing my degrees in political science and international studies, which have triggered my desire to visit new places and experience new cultures. Although before coming to South Korea I knew some of the history and politics of the Korean peninsula, it always seemed distant and unrelated to the places that I always thought I would visit. Little did I know I would enjoy Korean culture and food so much.Upon my arrival, I had mixed feelings. On the one hand, I was full of excitement and intrigue because I was looking forward to visiting different places in South Korea and learning Korean. On the other hand, I felt scared of experiencing culture shock. However, after meeting David, the Korean buddies, and people in the program who felt exactly like me, I sensed that this trip would be one of the best ones in my life so far; I was right.Hansung University International Summer School gave me the opportunity to learn about the fascinating history of Korea and its rich culture through class lectures, hands-on experience activities, and a variety of field trips. From experiencing a baseball game to hiking a mountain and visiting different museums, HISS program has been very fun and exciting. I think that all of the activities in the program were truly entertaining and relevant. Among my favorite activities was the field trip to Andong and the Andong Hahoe village; visiting this place was like traveling back in time. Also, the Seodaemun Prison museum and the war memorial museum triggered a variety of emotions that helped me not only to better understand Korea’s history but also to connect with the culture. Another activity that I enjoyed the most was the Lotte world tower; the view was impressive. Other activities like the trip to Gyeongju, Taekwondo, Everland, Nanta, and the Hangang River Cruise allowed us to bond as a group and have an enjoyable time.Further, the program allowed me to develop amazing friendships and create bonds with students from all over the world. I feel that not only I learned about the culture of Korea, but also about the cultures of different people in the program. I also got close to all the Korean buddies; each one of them was always extremely helpful, friendly, kind and fun.I finish writing this essay with tears in my eyes. I cannot believe it has already been a month since I first stepped out of the plane. I hope to meet my friends again and come back to South Korea. I also cannot wait to go home and tell all my friends and family about how amazing the HISS experience was. After seeing all the historical and new sights that South Korea has to offer, meeting and living with strangers, walking an getting lost through the streets of Seoul, I can say with  certainty that I am a different person; my curiosity has turned into appreciation and my intrigue into respect for this outstanding country and its culture.Hansung’s program taught me how to be a traveler, not a tourist. I am beyond grateful and humbled for this opportunity. Usually, I am very indecisive about small daily life decisions; however, if there is something I am sure of, is that saying yes to the Hansung experience was the right choice. I would not change anything, and I would do it all over again.