Title: 2023 Glasgow Caledonian UniversityURL Source: https://hansung.ac.kr/bbs/international/642/257208/artclView.do## 메타데이터작성일: 2023.10.04작성자: 국제교류지원팀Markdown Content:## Robert MacDonald (Glasgow Caledonian University)Leaving my semester-long exchange in America at the end of last year I said goodbye to a number of friends many of whom were South Korean. I assured them that one day I would venture to their country, which they spoke so highly about, but I never could have imagined how quickly I would get the chance.As soon as I received an email from my home university offering the chance to apply for Hansung International summer school I jumped at the chance and just three months later I was boarding my first flight to Asia.A tragic combination of a delayed flight and utter lack of preparation (and Apple Pay…) almost left me stranded at Incheon airport having to bankrupt myself on a midnight taxi. However, the generosity of an elderly Korean hero selflessly paying for my night bus ticket gave me a small insight into the collectivist culture I would soon grow to understand.Despite the silent subway and differing communication styles we would learn more of in class I found the majority of those I met in South Korea extremely friendly and welcoming. This was demonstrated perfectly by the staff at Hansung University and the student buddies who all made an effort to make sure we enjoyed our time in Seoul.Seoul is a beautiful city where tall modern skyscrapers combine with the reminiscence of historical tradition still seen in the palaces and villages. Our first few days of activities were spent exploring these different aspects of a must-visit city as David talked us through the main tourist attractions.The week concluded with a trip to Pyeongchang and Gangneung which was a personal highlight of mine. Two days filled with activities including a cable car, beach visit, museums and a sheep ranch! This gave us a good chance to get to know our fellow students, many of who I would become close friends with over the coming weeks. Going on an exchange program without knowing anyone is a fantastic opportunity to meet people from all over the world and I have had the opportunity to get to know some nice people from all over the world. Even some of the Americans were alright!When the schedule was released there was one trip that filled me with interest. The DMZ. The demilitarised zone separates North and South Korea and the chance to visit in person was an eye-opening experience that gave me a much greater perspective on the conflict that has a major impact on the lives of those on both sides of the border. I also really enjoyed the war memorial which I would say has to be one of the best museums I have ever been to.I feel that spending a whole month in Korea as opposed to just a short holiday has allowed me to somewhat immerse myself into the culture and that has been helped by the classes we have received in the mornings. Enthusiastic and informative lecturers taught us a great deal about South Korean culture and history in an engaging manner. The opportunity to learn some basic Korean helped me make little connections with locals and at least laugh with them even if it was often at the expense of my poor pronunciation! At Hansung we received lessons in traditional dance and Taekwondo which were both enjoyable despite not being either of my strong suits. Trying things I never otherwise would have is always a fun experience.A big part of the social life in South Korea is through food. Korean culture places great importance on sharing meals and gathering together to eat. Sharing is always a feature on the table at mealtimes which is very far removed from back home. One of the greatest ideas ever thought up is banchan. Banchan are lots of little side dishes spread across the table which come completely free of change and should be implemented into Western culture as soon as possible. The food as a whole was delightful and I will forever be fond of Korean BBQ, especially accompanied with Terra.The man behind HISS is David Kim who had the tireless task of keeping 30 students in check and organising such a packed schedule. He has provided us all some brilliant entertainment with his militant approach and love of group photos but his passionate and caring personality is always appreciated. He even managed to drag us up Inwangsan Mountain in 35° which I have to admit was enjoyable in the end. The time and effort he has put into the program is clear to see and I have enjoyed learning from him over the past month.HISS is an experience that I would recommend to everyone and will certainly remember as one of the best months of my life. Not only have I learned so much about a completely unfamiliar country but I have made so many friendships and memories. I am sad this adventure has come to an end and will forever be grateful for my time at Hansung.